



2. standarize medical image with normal distortion
Strength: the introduction and approaches are clear. The algorithms applied in the project are explained detailedly and the results are analyzed comprehensively.
Opportunity: it is possible to make some improvments on the network design which can detect and extract image features well.

3. CV-aids in sport judging
	3.1 help to understand movements
	3.2 workflow
		3.2.1 key points detection: two methods (top-down, bottom-up, both using CNN)
		3.2.2 pose analysis (evaluate body angle, orientation)
		3.2.3 athletic movement analysis
	Strength: the project workflow is in detail and the explanation on the results analysis is good.
	Opportunity: it is possible to make the approch section less words but more plots for easy understanding.

4. Car trajectory
	4.1 flow vector:
		dense and sparse method but has limitation
	4.2 Vanish point
	Strength: detailed information for the project workflow and approaches are provided. The limitations for each method is helpful for audience to understand the advantages and drawbacks.
	Opportunity: in the short presentation, using plots, charts is more effcient than equations for audience to understand the algorithm since it is not easy for general audiences to get familiar with the logic of the approaches

5. human gesture recognition
Strength: the demo and plots are straight and helpful for audiences to understand the work flow and algorithms used in this project

6. detect phone using in the exam
traditional:
	hough transform (ORB, SIFT etc) may have many false positive (fast but many false positive)
	dl: the phone may not be detected due to distance and no distinct features (time-consuming)


7. ground-truth needle shape determination using stero-vision

8. Cataract
Strength: extracting the features firstly and then pass it to the training model. the working pipeline is rational and the results are very perfect.
improvments: Maybe next time you can use the Fast-CNN to extract features and then pass it to the VGG CNN model.

9. feature and correspondence of anatomical structres from CT images
Strength: comparison of two different algorithms could help figure out the working efficiency
improvments: next time you can implement the voxel-volume-based registration and compare the result to the results of your point cloud method 

10. Cylinder3D model on Rellis-3D dataset
Strength: good motivation and explanation for the algorithm
improvments: when presenting the prediction, it is hard for audiences to understand the plot, could add some short text as explanation

11. DL model for detect Alzheimer's disease


12. Minescraft Tree Chopping Bot based on Computer Vision
Strength: vivid 
improvments: screenshots will make time-consuming. I suggest if you can record a long video and extract frames as your training datasets.